[DOCS] Add documentation for clone feature (#64019)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/dashboard.asciidoc

* To delete a panel, open the panel menu and select *Delete from dashboard.* Deleting a panel from a
dashboard does *not* delete the saved visualization or search.

[float]
[[cloning-a-panel]]
=== Clone dashboard elements

In *Edit* mode, you can clone any panel on a dashboard.

> To clone an existing panel open the panel menu of the element you wish to clone and select *Clone panel*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clone an existing panel, open the panel menu of the element you wish to clone, then select *Clone panel*.
```

* Cloned panels appear beside the original, and will move other panels down to make room if necessary.

> * Clones Support all of the original panel's functionality, including re-naming, editing, and cloning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clones support all of the original panel's functionality, including renaming, editing, and cloning.
```
